Custom deployment with seldon (#522)
zenml-io/zenml: examples/seldon_custom_pytorch_deployment/README.md

using different backends and used to run the example as long as the basic Stack
prerequisites are met.

#### Local orchestrator with gcp artifact store and GKE Seldon Core installation

This stack consists of the following components:

* an GCP artifact store
* the local orchestrator
* the local metadata store
* a GCP container registry (artifact registry)
* a Seldon Core model deployer

To have access to the GCP artifact store and container registry from your local workstation, the the Google Cloud CLI needs to be intialized and authorized locally as documented in
[the official GCP documentation](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/initializing).

In addition to the stack components, Seldon Core must be installed in a
Kubernetes cluster that is locally accessible through a Kubernetes configuration
context. The reference used in this example is a Seldon Core installation
running in an EKS cluster, but any other type of Kubernetes cluster can be used,
managed or otherwise.

For more informations about configurate access to GKE locally  
[Install kubectl and configure cluster access](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/cluster-access-for-kubectl)

> To view the list of contexts for kubectl, run the following command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view the list of contexts for `kubectl`, run the following command
```

```bash
kubectl config current-context
```

Set up a namespace for ZenML Seldon Core workloads:

```bash
kubectl create ns zenml-workloads
```

Extract the URL where the Seldon Core model server exposes its prediction API, e.g.:

```bash
export INGRESS_HOST=$(kubectl -n istio-system get service istio-ingressgateway -o jsonpath='{.status.loadBalancer.ingress[0].ip}')
```

> Give Seldon Core access to the GCP artifact store in the configured namespace.
> For this we need first to create a service-account key and have it as local json file. First make sure that you have [SA-NAME]@[PROJECT-ID].iam.gserviceaccount.com service account created in the gcloud console that have sufficient permissions to access the bucket where model will be stored (i.e. Storage Object Admin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to give Seldon Core access to the GCP artifact store in the configured namespace, we need first to create a `service-account` key and have it as local `json` file. First make sure that you have a `[SA-NAME]@[PROJECT-ID].iam.gserviceaccount.com` service account created in the gcloud console that has sufficient permissions to access the bucket where the model will be stored (i.e. Storage Object Admin).
```

> Generate the service-account key using gcloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generate the `service-account` key using gcloud, i.e.:
```

```bash
gcloud iam service-accounts keys create gcloud-application-credentials.json --iam-account [SA-NAME]@[PROJECT-ID].iam.gserviceaccount.com
```

> Give Seldon Core access to the GCP artifact store in the zenml-workloads namespace:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Give Seldon Core access to the GCP artifact store in the `zenml-workloads` namespace:
```

```bash
kubectl -n zenml-workloads create secret generic seldon-rclone-secret \
    --from-literal=RCLONE_CONFIG_GS_TYPE='google cloud storage' \
    --from-literal=RCLONE_CONFIG_GS_ANONYMOUS='false' \
    --from-literal=RCLONE_CONFIG_GS_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_CREDENTIALS="$(cat <path-to-json-key>)"
```

The name of the created secret also needs to be passed to the `run.py` example
launcher script via its `--secret` command line argument.

NOTE: this is based on the assumption that Seldon Core is running in an GKE

> cluster that runs in the same project where container regsitry is defined otherwise

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cluster that runs in the same project where the container registry is defined otherwise
```

the permission should be granted to GKE instances to access the registry. 
More informations can be found at 
[the official GCP documentation](https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry/docs/integrate-gke)

Configuring the stack can be done like this:

```
zenml integration install gcp seldon
zenml model-deployer register seldon_gcp --type=seldon \
  --kubernetes_context=gke_cluster-1 --kubernetes_namespace=zenml-workloads \
  --base_url=http://34.139.128.148
zenml artifact-store register gcp --type gcp --path gs://mybucket
zenml container-registry register gcp_registry --type=default --uri=gcr.io/container-registry
zenml stack register gcp_stack_seldon -m default -a gcp -o default -d seldon_gcp -c gcp_registry
zenml stack set gcp_stack_seldon
```

#### Full GCP stack

This stack has all components running in the GCP cloud:

* an GCP artifact store
* a Kubeflow orchestrator installed in an AWS EKS Kubernetes cluster
* a metadata store that uses the same database as the Kubeflow deployment as
a backend

> * an GCP container registry (artifact registry)

Reviewer: What does this mean? An artifact store or an artifact registry? And do you mean we have both an artifact store and a container registry together on GCP?

To have access to the GCP artifact store and container registry from your local workstation, the the Google Cloud CLI needs to be intialized and authorized locally as documented in
[the official GCP documentation](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/initializing).

In addition to the stack components, Seldon Core must be installed in *the same*
Kubernetes cluster as Kubeflow. The cluster must also be locally accessible
through a Kubernetes configuration context. The reference used in this example
is a Kubeflow and Seldon Core installation running in an GKE cluster, but any
other type of Kubernetes cluster can be used, managed or otherwise.

> For more informations about configurate access to GKE locally  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on how to configure access to GKE locally, visit:  
```

[Install kubectl and configure cluster access](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/cluster-access-for-kubectl)

> To view the list of contexts for kubectl, run the following command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view the list of contexts for `kubectl`, run the following command
```

```bash
kubectl config current-context
```

To configure GCP container registry access locally, run e.g.:

```bash
gcloud auth configure-docker
```

Extract the URL where the Seldon Core model server exposes its prediction API, e.g.:

```bash
export INGRESS_HOST=$(kubectl -n istio-system get service istio-ingressgateway \
  -o jsonpath='{.status.loadBalancer.ingress[0].ip}')
```

> Give Seldon Core access to the GCP artifact store in the configured namespace.
> For this we need first to create a service-account key and have it as local json file. First make sure that you have [SA-NAME]@[PROJECT-ID].iam.gserviceaccount.com service account created in the gcloud console that have sufficient permissions to access the bucket where model will be stored (i.e. Storage Object Admin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to give Seldon Core access to the GCP artifact store in the configured namespace, we need first to create a `service-account` key and be able to access it as a local `json` file. First make sure that you have an `[SA-NAME]@[PROJECT-ID].iam.gserviceaccount.com` service account created in the gcloud console that has sufficient permissions to access the bucket where the model will be stored (i.e. Storage Object Admin).
```

> Generate the service-account key using gcloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generate the service-account key using gcloud, i.e.:
```

```bash
gcloud iam service-accounts keys create gcloud-application-credentials.json --iam-account [SA-NAME]@[PROJECT-ID].iam.gserviceaccount.com
```

> Give Seldon Core access to the GCP artifact store in the zenml-kubeflow namespace:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Give Seldon Core access to the GCP artifact store in the `zenml-kubeflow` namespace:
```

```bash
kubectl -n kubeflow create secret generic seldon-rclone-secret \
    --from-literal=RCLONE_CONFIG_GS_TYPE='google cloud storage' \
    --from-literal=RCLONE_CONFIG_GS_ANONYMOUS='false' \
    --from-literal=RCLONE_CONFIG_GS_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_CREDENTIALS="$(cat <path-to-json-key>)"
```

The name of the created secret also needs to be passed to the `run.py` example
launcher script via its `--secret` command line argument.

> NOTE: this is based on the assumption that Seldon Core is running in an GKE
> cluster that runs in the same project where container regsitry is defined otherwise
> the permission should be granted to GKE instances to access the registry. 
> More informations can be found at 
> [the official GCP documentation](https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry/docs/integrate-gke)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: this is based on the assumption that Seldon Core is running in a GKE
cluster that runs in the same project where the container registry is defined, otherwise
the permission should be granted to GKE instances to access the registry. 
More information can be found at 
[the official GCP documentation](https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry/docs/integrate-gke)
```

a ZenML MLOps stack that features Seldon Core as a model deployer component
makes for a seamless transition from running experiments locally to deploying
models in production.
But sometimes the standard [model deployment with Seldon Core](../seldon_deployment)
is not enough either because our model flavor is not supported by the seldon 
pre-packaged servers or we need extra custom processing operation before or after
the prediction. 

## Overview

The example uses the [MNIST](http://yann.lecun.com/exdb/mnist/) dataset (originally developed by Yann LeCun and others) to train a classifier using [PyTorch](https://pytorch.org/). 
Different hyperparameter values (e.g. the number of epochs, batch size, learning rate and momentum value for the Pytorch model) can be supplied as command line arguments to the `run.py` Python script.

The example consists of an individual pipeline with and User defined Class:

  * a deployment pipeline that implements a continuous deployment workflow. It
  ingests and processes input data, trains a model and then (re)deploys the
  prediction server that serves the model if it meets some evaluation
  criteria

>   * User defined class that Inherit from ZenMLCustomModel which implement

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * User defined class that inherits from ZenMLCustomModel which implements
```

  load and predict functions. (extra functions could be added to the class)

You can control which pipeline to run by passing the `--deploy` and/or the
`--predict` flag to the `run.py` launcher.

> When running the deployment pipeline, ZenML wrap everything in the working directory

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When running the deployment pipeline, ZenML wraps everything within the working directory
```

Step `normalizer` has started.
Step `normalizer` has finished in 24.177s.
Step `sklearn_trainer` has started.
Step `sklearn_trainer` has finished in 23.150s.
Step `sklearn_evaluator` has started.
Step `sklearn_evaluator` has finished in 10.511s.
Step `deployment_trigger` has started.
Step `deployment_trigger` has finished in 4.965s.
Step `seldon_model_deployer` has started.
INFO:asyncio:Loading last service deployed by step model_deployer and pipeline continuous_deployment_pipeline...
Creating a new Seldon deployment service
Seldon deployment service started and reachable at:
    http://abb84c444c7804aa98fc8c097896479d-377673393.us-east-1.elb.amazonaws.com/seldon/zenml-workloads/zenml-1
6241824-7e17-42d8-bed3-070b51ba29d2/api/v0.1/predictions

Step `seldon_model_deployer` has finished in 39.095s.
Pipeline run `continuous_deployment_pipeline-06_Apr_22-15_40_31_886832` has finished in 2m2s.
The Seldon prediction server is running remotely as a Kubernetes service and accepts inference requests at:
    http://abb84c444c7804aa98fc8c097896479d-377673393.us-east-1.elb.amazonaws.com/seldon/zenml-workloads/zenml-1
6241824-7e17-42d8-bed3-070b51ba29d2/api/v0.1/predictions

> To stop the service, re-run the same command and supply the `--stop-service` argument.

Reviewer 2: This is quite long, could you remove unnecessary outputs and just highlight the important bits

Author: Yes, i agree. it's done

Cache disabled for pipeline `inference_pipeline`
Using stack `local_with_aws_storage` to run pipeline `inference_pipeline`...
Step `dynamic_importer` has started.
INFO:botocore.credentials:Found credentials in shared credentials file: ~/.aws/credentials
Step `dynamic_importer` has finished in 6.284s.
Step `prediction_service_loader` has started.
Step `prediction_service_loader` has finished in 7.104s.
Step `sklearn_predict_preprocessor` has started.
Step `sklearn_predict_preprocessor` has finished in 5.180s.
Step `predictor` has started.
Prediction:  [7 2 1 0 4 1 4 9 6 9 0 6 9 0 1 5 9 7 3 4 9 6 6 5 4 0 7 4 0 1 3 1 3 6 7 2 7
 1 2 1 1 7 4 2 3 5 1 2 4 4 6 3 5 5 6 0 4 1 9 5 7 8 9 2 7 4 7 4 3 0 7 0 2 9
 1 7 3 2 9 7 7 6 2 7 8 4 7 3 6 1 3 6 9 3 1 4 1 7 6 9]
Step `predictor` has finished in 8.009s.
Pipeline run `inference_pipeline-06_Apr_22-15_48_05_308089` has finished in 26.702s.
The Seldon prediction server is running remotely as a Kubernetes service and accepts inference requests at:
    http://abb84c444c7804aa98fc8c097896479d-377673393.us-east-1.elb.amazonaws.com/seldon/zenml-workloads/zenml-162
41824-7e17-42d8-bed3-070b51ba29d2/api/v0.1/predictions

> To stop the service, re-run the same command and supply the `--stop-service` argument.

Reviewer 2: Same here, maybe just highlight the important bits
